track K9ac-4C
bigDataUrl K9-4cell.bw
shortLabel K9ac-4C
longLabel K9ac Signal of 4C embryo
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-8C
bigDataUrl K9-8cell.bw
shortLabel K9ac-8C
longLabel K9ac Signal of 8C embryo
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-TSC
bigDataUrl K9-TSC.bw
shortLabel K9ac-TSC
longLabel K9ac Signal of TSC
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-e2C
bigDataUrl K9-2cell-early.bw
shortLabel K9ac-e2C
longLabel K9ac Signal of e2C
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-l2C
bigDataUrl K9-2cell-late.bw
shortLabel K9ac-l2C
longLabel K9ac Signal of l2C
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-ICM
bigDataUrl K9-ICM.bw
shortLabel K9ac-ICM
longLabel K9ac Signal of ICM
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-MII
bigDataUrl K9-M2.bw
shortLabel K9ac-MII
longLabel K9ac Signal of MII
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-TE
bigDataUrl K9-TE.bw
shortLabel K9ac-TE
longLabel K9ac Signal of TE
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-GV
bigDataUrl K9-GV.bw
shortLabel GV-K9ac
longLabel K9ac Signal of GV
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-PN5
bigDataUrl K9-PN5.bw
shortLabel PN5-K9ac
longLabel K9ac Signal of PN5
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-morula
bigDataUrl K9-morula.bw
shortLabel morula-K9ac
longLabel K9ac Signal of morula
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-sperm
bigDataUrl K9-sperm.bw
shortLabel sperm-K9ac
longLabel K9ac Signal of sperm
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128

track K9ac-zygote
bigDataUrl K9-zygote.bw
shortLabel zygote-K9ac
longLabel K9ac Signal of zygote
type bigWig
windowingFunction mean+whiskers
color 0,0,205
maxHeightPixels 90:90:8
viewLimits 0:90
viewLimitsMax 0:128
